# Cartulina

Flash card software seabre wrote way back in 2007. Rescued from Google Code. For archival purposes only.

## Introduction

*Cartulina* was created as a study tool for the A+ exam/GRE, but can be used for almost any general purpose. You can easily make customizable "deck" files. I originally wrote the first version in Java last year (2007) and it was a fairly quick hack that got the job done for what I needed at the time, but I decided that I needed to refine it a bit more, and decided to rewrite it in C++ with Qt. So, instead of having to download Java and a bunch of other stuff, all you need is a binary for your platform, or if there isn't a binary for your platform you can compile it (you need the Qt libraries of course). It should compile on Mac OS X, Linux, and Windows, and possibly cell phone platforms of various kinds. The old Java version is available though if you still need it.

Cartulina is available under the GPL version 3. Therefore, it is free software and the source code is available for you to modify/use under the conditions of the GPL version 3, so review it if you wish to use the code in your own project.

## Requirements

A compiled binary for your platform, or the source code to compile your own if one is not available. It has been tested on Windows XP and Vista, Mac OS X, and Linux, and runs fine on all.

## Compiling

First, before you try to compile you need to make sure you have the Qt library installed. You can get it for your platform here:
http://trolltech.com/downloads/opensource

To compile, it's easy. First run 'qmake' to generate a makefile for your particular system. Then, run 'make' or 'nmake'. A binary for your system will be generated. As far as installation goes, there is no install option in the Makefile, so that part is up to you, but you should be able to run the binary as is.

## Current Features

* Supports the shuffling of cards to introduce randomness into the deck.
* Allows the changing of the font of the word and/or definition.
* Allows the hiding of the word and/or definition.
* Creation of custom decks to contain whatever you want as long as you can view them on the screen. Open an example deck in your favorite text editor for details of the file format.

## Contact Info

If you need to contact me to report a bug or want to submit a feature request, send me an e-mail at seabre986@gmail.com. Also, I will keep future versions of the program here.

## Known Compilation Issues

I had problems compiling Cartulina against Qt versions < 4.4.1, particularly with the code generated by uic. Run these commands in the source directory and it should compile fine:

```bash
uic ui_cartulinamain.ui -o ui_cartulinamain.h
uic ui_about.ui -o ui_about.h 
```
